ou intend to start driving from the side of the road. Which of the following statements are true?
  After the taxi passes me, there are no more vehicles I need to yield and I can start off.
  ---I must still yield the vehicle behind me that starts off.
  ---I must still check the blind spot by looking over my left shoulder.
You’re turning left at the intersection. Who do you need to yield?

Which of the following statements are true?

How do you know you’re driving on a one-way road?
 By the traffic sign indicating one-way traffic.
  The pedestrian crossing sign on the left is at the crossing front edge.
  ---There are traffic signs on the left side of the road.
  By the white barrier line.

Which statement is true related to the traffic sign in the picture?
 -- I must choose the left lane to turn left.
  It’s generally safer to use the right lane for turning.
 --- I can turn left also from this lane.
  I must choose the right lane to turn left.

What does the police hand signal in the picture mean?

You’re turning left. Who do you need to yield?
  ---The oncoming car about to make a turn.
  Cars coming from the right.
  ---Pedestrians crossing the turning.
  The oncoming lorry.

You intend to turn left. Which of the statements related to the video are correct?

Which of the following statements describes a responsible driver’s signalling?
  ---I must use the turn signal right before I make a turn or change lanes.
  --Part of the signalling is also my line of driving and speed.
  Turning on the hazard lights is also part of the signalling.

You’re turning left. Do you need to yield anyone?
  ---Yes.
  No.

Can you change lanes?

Yes.
---No.
Which of the statements related to the picture are correct?






Can you start overtaking the white car in front of you?

What is the difference between a motorway and a motor-traffic way?

How would you best improve your own safety in the situation in the video?

What must you especially consider when planning a drive?

How does driving on a roadway differ from driving in a built-up area?

What must you especially consider in terms of the vehicle when planning a drive?






























